In this lecture, we are going to create a block for displaying the recipe of the day.
Every day we're going to randomly select a recipe from the current site.
This recipe will be displayed to our visitors like the other blocks.
I prepared this block for us in the resource section of this lecture.
I provide a link to the starter files in our plugin.
Create a directory called Daily Recipe inside this directory and these files pause the video and good
luck.
Welcome back.
I've created the starter files in my plugin.
Let's go through the files together.
Starting with the block JSON file.
We have a basic configuration file.
This block is going to have a single attribute, which is an attribute for storing the title of the
block.
Next, let's move over to the JavaScript file.
Inside this file we have a basic block registration.
Inside the template, we're rendering a rich text component for modifying the blocks title.
Below this component, we are rendering a post image and title.
As you can imagine, we are going to be sending a request for a random post from the rest API.
There's not much else to say about the files.
Let's go ahead with registering this block.
Open the register block.
Start PHP file.
Inside the blocks array at another array for the daily recipe block.
Let's add the name option.
Next, add the options key.
Querying the database for a random recipe is going to require server side rendering.
Let's set the render callback option to up daily recipe CB.
Next.
Create a file called daily recipe dot php inside the include slash block's directory.
Define the up daily recipe CB function.
Lastly, insert the output buffer snippet.
We're ready to start developing the block.
In the next lecture, we will write the query for a random recipe.